DOCS-7058 platform cache (#127)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting.adoc

. Open Salesforce setup.
. Open the sharing rules.
. Ensure that the sharing rule for the object `CommunityApi` matches your community name exactly, including spacing and letter case.

== Refresh the Cache

> If changes made to APIs are not yet visible, you can refresh the cache to see them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If changes made to APIs are not visible right after you make them, you can refresh the cache to see them:
```

Reviewer 2: agree

. Log in to your Salesforce organization.
. In *Setup*, click *Platform Cache*.

> . Open the `ACMCache` partition.

Reviewer: ditto prev. question about what "open" entrails for the user

Author: Updated to use "click".

. If the caches are in use, then the *Clear Cache* button is displayed.

> . Click *Clear Cache*.

Reviewer: Clear Cache doesn't affect the recent changes? This sounded kind of scary to me; do we need to say that this clears the previous cache and displays the updated cache?

Reviewer 2: don't think it's necessary - this just clears the cache. But bear in mind the cache is just a copy of the data - if it's deleted, it will be populated again automatically as data is accessed.

. Open Salesforce setup.
. Open the sharing rules.
. Ensure that the sharing rule for the object `CommunityApi` matches your community name exactly, including spacing and letter case.

== Refresh the Cache

> If changes made to APIs are not yet visible, you can refresh the cache to see them.

Reviewer 2: here we need to explain how to get to the cache config screen and click on the "Clear cache" button:

1. In your salesforce organization, go to Setup > Platform Cache
2. Open ACMCache partition
3. Click on Clear Cache button

Reviewer 2: add also:
Observe that if your caches are not currently being used, you will not see the Clear Cache button.

Author: Added. Thank you!
